chore: Add package manager information (#2778)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: develop-docs/README.md

Contributors: @brustolin and @philipphofmann

We release experimental SentrySwiftUI cocoa package with the version 8.0.0 because all podspecs file in a repo need to have the same version. 

> ## Tracking package managers

Reviewer: Thanks 👏

To be able to identify the package manager(PM) being used by the user, we need that the PM identify itself.
Luckily all of the 3 PMs we support do this in some way, mostly by exposing a compiler directive (SPM, COCOA)
or a build setting (CARTHAGE). With this information we can create a conditional compilation that injects the name of

> the PM. You can found this at `SentrySDKInfo.m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the PM. You can find this in `SentrySDKInfo.m`.
```
